Add inspector post (#173)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-07-05-the-ember-times-issue-105.md

---

> ## [Ember Inspector Update](#ember-inspector-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Ember Inspector Update](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-inspector)
```

Ember Inspector recently dropped support for Ember versions < 3.4. This has freed us up to 
remove a lot of cruft that has existed for supporting older Ember versions, and start to clean 
up and modernize the code. We are continuing to design the features for the future and work
towards delivering the features we promised in the past.

> Octane is still not currently supported, but we are working closely with the framework team to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ember Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/) is still not currently supported, but we are working closely with the framework team to
```

get the APIs we need to map components to DOM elements and enable us to show the arguments 

> passed to the component, and manipulate them inline, to better debug component behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passed to the component, and manipulate them inline. This will allow Inspector users to debug component behavior even better.
```

> We can always use more people to help out with the considerable efforts required to keep 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are always looking for more people to help out with the considerable efforts required to keep 
```

Ember Inspector running, so if you would be interested in helping out, please reach out in the

> `dev-ember-inspector` channel on Discord, we would love to have you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`dev-ember-inspector` channel](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/486243207072710656) on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs), we would love to have you!
```
